---
title: "Disclaimer"
description: "By accessing, browsing and/or using this Wiki, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply..."
sidebar:
  order: 2150
---

By accessing, browsing and/or using this Knowledge Base, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use the Knowledge Base.

Key-Systems GmbH may at any time and without notice revise these rules. By using this Knowledge Base you agree to regularly review these rules for changes. Key-Systems retains and reserves all rights to its copyrights, trademarks or other IP rights.

This Knowledge Base is an online information resource provided and administered by Key-Systems freely as a courtesy for informational purposes only. Key-Systems does not allow visitors to alter any contents. The contents of this Knowledge Base have been researched to our best knowledge and are kept current at regular intervals. Key-Systems does not under any cicrumstances offer any warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of the information found on the Knowledge Base, as the content may have become inaccurate over time, or may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. All content and information is provided „as is“.

Use of the information contained herein does not create any kind of contract or agreement between you and Key-Systems.

Neither the individual authors, nor Key-Systems GmbH, can be held responsible for your use of the information contained in or linked from these web pages in any way whatsoever, or for the accuracy of the information contained in this resource. You may contribute to the Knowledge Base by pointing out inaccuracies on a voluntary basis.

Any of the trademarks, service marks, collective marks, design rights, personality rights or similar rights that are mentioned, used or cited in the contents of this Knowledge Base are the property of their respective owners used under license. Their use here does not imply that you may use them for any purpose for the same or a similar informational use.

It is permitted to link to this Knowledge Base, provided that the link does not create frames around any page of the Knowledge Base or the entire Knowledge Base, alter the visual appearance or presentation of any content contained within the Knowledge Base, misrepresent the relationship between the linking site and Key-Systems, imply endorsement of the linking site, its owners, products, etc. by Key-Systems. Key-Systems may at any time at its own discretion terminate the permission to link to this Knowledge Base.

Key-Systems does not allow the use and/or mirroring of contents of the Knowledge Base, full or in excerpts, on other web sites, in print publications or any other media. No license is granted to copy anything from this site. Key-Systems does not grant any licenses or rights to any copyrights, patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights by the publication of the content. Nothing contained in the Knowledge Base is intended to or shall have the effect of creating any warranties from Key-Systems or altering the contracts with Key-Systems, the terms and conditions of Key-Systems or the Registry regulations.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

In case IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP anonymization is active on this website.

Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address, that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

As an alternative to the browser Addon or within browsers on mobile devices, you can [click this link](https://kb.centralnicreseller.com/help/about/javascript:gaOptout\(\)) in order to opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics within this website in the future (the opt-out applies only for the browser in which you set it and within this domain).

An opt-out cookie will be stored on your device, which means that you'll have to click this link again if you delete your cookies.
